very good how are you family
very happy to be here one more day
with you Well today is a special day
today a day in which I turn 38 years old and
I'm assimilating the night and the
birthday that you threw me yesterday
live or in
other words, the thing about Paula Echebarría
sending me an audio that almost or so that like that how
can we understand it I'm not
in Córdoba right now I'm in
Córdoba for Well I'm in a very
nice place in Córdoba right now I came
to pick up something that is a
surprise for a friend it's a
surprise that I think he needed I
think he needed it the truth and
myself life myself life okay we'll
see see tomorrow if he likes it or not he
likes it If he doesn't like it my goodness eh we're going to
look very bad If he doesn't like it we're going to
look very bad but oh well Tomorrow you'll know
what it's about
apart from that I've been here in
Córdoba I wanted to come in person
to pick this up to
organize a little thing to
organize a little thing that is going to be like
a twist a
twist more quality on this channel This
is  for telesalseo okay I'm not going to
tell you what it is yet but it's something
that hasn't been done yet okay m I
have it I have ordered it a while ago I don't
know why it hasn't been possible yet it hasn't been
able to be executed I imagine it will have
its complications and all and we're in the
summer But very soon
very soon You're going to have it and You're going to be able to
participate or rather you're going to I think you're going to
like it a lot Maybe later you won't
like it either no and I'll tell you These are ideas that we
're throwing around that we're
giving flights
okay I was connecting with you for a while
okay apart from to thank you and
all that, well comment a little about the call
that went by almost unnoticed yesterday after
all the mess with the birthday no
the call from Marta Riesco That is Marta
Riesco's relationship with telesalseo
maybe she wants to report you
last week maybe she's
singing happy birthday to you first of all Well
well eh things are as they are
always very generous she always chooses
telesalseo to give her statements
also it must be highlighted that  here
every time she has come it has not been
negotiated eh it has uploaded spontaneously for
free HM And yes it is that I simply
asked her and she did not hesitate boom it uploaded and that is
appreciated There are times when
we are better There are times when we are
worse But honestly she always
chooses telesalseo as the medium
where she gives her
statements within the
statements There are times not and there are
points that I would have preferred to have
avoided Not for nothing but because apart from the
happy birthday what I wanted was for her to
talk to me about Olga's interview
if she had read it and such she did not
mention a couple of topics that if I
had been able to And if it had been in my
hands I would have discarded it but they are
things of the direct she did not mention something to me about
a blogger who disrespects her that
according to her says sexist things to her I
have no idea about that because it is because I
have no idea I mean I am
completely focused on my work eh
there are other creators that I have no idea
about If they continue uploading videos the only thing I
know and that I am going to have to know about
them is for another issue and It is that I have no
idea the truth I mean I do not have  I have no idea
what is or is not uploaded on other
channels. The only thing I know is those who
are with me, those who come here,
those you see, okay,
Trium, yeah, Enrique who uploaded yesterday, eh
alber, yes, I follow him and yes, I see him because he is
handling the Daniel Sancho issue very well,
very few. I mean, the truth is that I do
n't even know what is being talked about,
what he does, or if they continue or don't follow him or have already
left. I mean, I have no idea.
Okay, so in that sense, I would
n't have gotten into things that
have no repercussions, I wouldn't have gotten into it
if I were Marta. She says, no, I don't answer her on
Instagram so as not to give her promotion and now
you go and you're going to come to the
reference channel of gossip here to mention
the subject, but well, I imagine that they are
things of spontaneity and of the moment.
And then the subject of. And then the subject of.
Nuria, no, she brought it up again, we did
n't ask her.
Honestly, I don't see the Nuria issue having much further to go,
just as I tell you one thing, I
tell you another. eh  just as I said and I
maintain that Nuria's complaint, the
complaint that the police station filed, that is
not going to have any effect, that
complaint is simply to have the
paperwork, in fact they have proven me and I am
not backing down from there, no. I mean, I have it that
she has contacted and she has tried to get
the news out in the middle. That is
to have a paperwork and that is not going to have any
effect. I have filed stronger complaints at the police station,
this stalker
that you all know, who published my
address, my phone number everywhere,
the police are not even moving.
I had to do that now, it is being processed
because Pablo got it in my lawyer's
nose that this would not go
unpunished and he did it by way of a complaint, okay,
but in a police station that is not going to
have any effect, the most it can
have is that they call Marta to
ask her her version and they have been
fighting outside, that she should file a
civil suit because she published the audio, then
I would see more effect. Maybe,
but I don't know if it would be worth it because it
could go well for you or it could go
badly for you.  I told Marta yesterday for publishing
the audio because I consider it unnecessary
in the fight and she also believes
that she uses nicknames because just like I
defend her and there are many people who
scold me when I defend her because they mess
with her because they give her nicknames and things
like that, don't address anyone with a
nickname in this context in which
she is not insulting you if she is
insulting you. Well, you don't have to
return the insult, no, because
when someone falls into something, it's not an insult.
I have been insulted and there are
people who have disrespected me, which will be
clarified later. No, but I don't fall for it the
same thing. There have been times when I have
gotten heated but it is best not to do it, it is
best not to go down to the same thing. At the same
level, no, then. Well, I would
have avoided that topic because honestly the
other girl is not saying
anything else. M it is a topic that does not have more
scope or more repercussions. I would not
have mentioned it, sincerely, what
interested me was her opinion on
Olga's interview. I made several points,
several points that I have  I've been able to read between the
lines of the things that Marta says, uh,
she, like other people who
have commented to me, we can't know if
this is 100% true because Antonio Avid
hasn't spoken out and I don't think he will, maybe
some hints, but I don't
think so. Antonio Avid must be
very upset with this interview, he's
very upset because in the end, one thing in which we're
going to agree with Marta,
no, well, several things in which we're
going to agree with Marta, point
number one,
Olga, when we have contacted her on
several occasions to ask her
things, I don't remember, for example,
Enrique is going to agree with me on this.
Olga always answers us. No, I
never speak out. You already know how I
am, it seems like you don't know me. I don't know
what I am. I never want to talk about Olga
always speaks based on, based on
exclusivity and based on negotiations. No, it
's not a negative criticism. I think she
's within her rights, it's what they live on, it's
what they eat, no, but [ __ ]. Let's not
deify anyone and other people
when other people speak, how bad  he's
eager to talk I don't know no no no let them
all talk if it's true I hope that
next week the exclusive will be about
Antonia well behaved and I hope the other one will be
Rocío Flores okay But in God's name we treat
anyone as if they were discreet or as if they
never spoke nor do we condemn anyone who makes
statements
when everyone is talking okay some in
fact do it for free and others don't
Simply not eh And Olga
puts Antonio David in the spotlight again for
better or for worse being right or
not okay I imagine that when
the months and years go by I don't know
if right now Well they don't want to Nor
because they are respecting the people
involved no and they don't want a
war they don't want a conflict they've
had enough but I think that when
the years go by one throws one
thing the other throws another then they will have their
rify raf eh but that she's put him
in the spotlight now she's put him in the
spotlight it's not that Marta put
Rocío Flores in the spotlight yes
completely unnecessary because it was
something that happened in Lo privado and she didn't have to
point the finger at Rocío Flores  in her
Instagram stories but now Olga
in a more elegant way and she has
also done it with Antonio all week people are
going to be talking about Antonio David
because now suddenly he does not have an
agreement with Olga and now he is getting
divorced while for two or three
years they have been with partners without
getting divorced Olga has now put and
and has put Antony David in the spotlight
in a more elegant way in a
more elegant way she looks stunning
in the photo she looks stunning in the
photograph I mean she is gorgeous to
bursting she is radiant you can see that she is
happy and I know but let's go let's go
say it no I mean Olga speaks she
chooses her times she chooses her moment and Olga
speaks then Marta was insinuating and
dropping things that I don't know what you will
think and leave it in the comments box
not like Why Olga Now she does
mention things because now she can And
before she couldn't okay I don't know if I understand it
as maybe there were agreements that
were being respected and now I don't leave
several things there between the lines no eh
but yes it is true that there will most
likely be a lot of
disagreements  in that
separation I don't understand
why it was cut off no less evil I'm going to
finish because I think it's going to be
cut off that I don't understand why they
were managing a separation
because one thing is that you are not in a hurry
not for the papers because in the end they are
papers I don't understand why you are
managing a separation and with some
clauses Even in the ones you don't
agree in which you are discussing
the divorce is from the first hour or rather one
thing is that no one thing is that you are not in a
hurry you are not going to be for next Monday
but another thing is that it is
in three years It hasn't been done yet anyway I will
be reading you family I send you
a huge hug thank you very much from the bottom of my
heart for all the support for all the
messages tomorrow I will tell you a little bit
what this is Okay and we'll
talk